okay guys here we are at the little
giant ladder website and making this
video in response to some questions that
I've had about this this system like
everything else that you've probably
seen you know on TV from time to time
you know some of the these infomercials
I have to admit they're very tempting
and sometimes they just like like you
know basically a little too good to be
true I guess you could say but i'll tell
you what with little giant ladder
millions of these things have been sold
no joke I mean that's not an
exaggeration and it really is you know
something to that I would consider to be
I mean really just a genius kind of
thing you see the guy here how wing who
was the inventor of the thing you know
it's honestly like it's one of those
things where you just say man I can't
believe that nobody ever thought of this
before and I know that sounds like a
cliche you know but in my mind it really
isn't it honestly is pretty amazing
product now I want to show you here
there's a couple things a couple
benefits that you can get from ordering
from the website first of all you going
to get free shipping you're going to get
this free work platform i'm going to
show you that in a second and also
you're not gonna pay any sales tax and
like to avoid taxes whenever you can of
course so that's nice now i want to
basically just go through very quickly
because there are a lot of different
ladder systems here that you can get i
mean there's not just one there are you
know different systems that hold
different weight basically from I think
it's 250 up to 375 I think I'm not
positive about that you might want to
check oh by the way before I get into
this other stuff if you're watching this
video on youtube or some other video
sharing site these things get picked up
all over the place
pretty popular so what you want to do in
order to get these you know all these
freebies and stuff that you see up here
head on over to the URL that's right
down here at the bottom of the screen
over at Harry smart deals calm and you
can find the links to this exact page
here where you can get all this stuff so
you'll save a few bucks there if you're
watching this on Harry smart deals calm
good for you first of all but then of
course as always the links to this exact
offer are above and below the video so
just click on those and and you'll be
taken right there now what I want to
show you because as I said there are a
lot of different models here and you may
not be sure which one is the one that
you need one of the first things that
you could do is come up here to the
corner and if you're not sure which
ladder you're looking for you can just
click on that link and then you can see
it's going to take you here to a chart
where you can choose you know exactly
what you need it gives you all of the
specs in terms of weight capacity the
height a frame height extension height
all this stuff basically that you would
need so you could figure out which model
is right for you now the other thing
that I also wanted to show you and it's
very cool here because really to
understand what makes this ladder system
I'm so different from others you really
have to watch some video now we're here
at the comparison chart now so we don't
need to do that but they have two links
here view demonstration and watch
infomercial so that you can see really
how these things work and I think that
you know once you see it it's like one
of those things where something you're
like well so what it's just a ladder and
then you know they show you what it does
and you're just like okay now I get it
you're like now I see okay but anyway
you know for example if you want to just
click on watch the infomercial and you
know you can watch a whole bunch of
different you can either watch some
segments on it II question the whole
infomercial whatever like for example
let's just take a look at at this one
and let's see hope it doesn't take too
long to play
yeah so I'm going to just talk over this
for a second but you can see it
basically you know shows you all of the
different things you can do with I mean
you turn it into like it says 24
different kinds of ladders but then also
you just like you take it apart and it
becomes scaffolding which is really nice
I mean all it's just really cool i'm not
going to go on and on about it but you
know if you want to come and watch these
videos that's great but anyway what you
want to do obviously when you click on
those links that i told you about i'm
just going to go back here to the main
page so when you click on the links
again above and below the video if
you're on Harry smart deals com if
you're not if you're on YouTube
somewhere else follow the link or I'm
sorry type in the URL that you see down
here at the bottom of this video and
again you'll come right here which is
the official little giant site and again
you'll get the free shipping the free
work platform and no sales tax so I
think that's pretty much it guys this
really comes highly recommended I do
love this product and I really think
you're going to be very pleased with it
so that is Little Giant and this is
Harry and we will speak soon thanks